Losing $460M in 45 minutes

On August 1st, 2012 the Knight Capital Group which was an American global financial services firm lost 460 million dollars just in 45 minutes because of a miscopied code by Knight’s software development team.
Knight Capital Group have tried to use their new high-frequency trading algorithm designed to buy and sell massive amount of stocks in a short period of time. Unfortunately, one of the engineers made a mistake and didn’t copy the new code to one of the servers. In that server which has been missed, the program believed it was in a test environment, and executed trades as quickly as possible, without caring about losing the spread value at all. The testers used that behavior for testing purposes to verify that other features of the software were working as they should. However, they forgot to disable that feature. And... Additionally, apart from losing these 460 million dollars lose just in 45 minutes because of that server with the test environment, by the next day the company's own stock price also had dropped by 75%.

Y2K software bug

The year 2000 problem, is also commonly known as the Y2K bug. To understand the reason for the Y2K bug we have to look back to the history of computers. In the 1960s, computer memory and mass storage were extremely expensive. At that time, core memory cost about one dollar per bit. Because of that, computer engineers in the 1960s decided to follow the approach to write programs using two-digit code for the year leaving "19". So for example, instead of representing the year let's say 1971 as "1971", the computers just would represent it as "71" in order to save some extra memory. Everything was fine until December 31st, 1999. However, the next day, once January 1st, 2000 hit, many computers would read the year 2000 as 1900 due to the two-digit representation of “00”. Unfortunately, this was a huge deal because it affected a lot of things! For example, banks that calculate interest rates on a daily basis, centers of technology such as power plants, transportation, and many many other things as well. Billions of dollars were spent in order to upgrade computer systems worldwide.